README.md, before:

Mozilla Sync app
================

Description:
------------
Simple ownCloud app integrating the Mozilla Sync API.
It allows users to synchronize Firefox data (e.g. bookmarks, passwords, history,...) using their ownCloud server.

Firefox on Android:
-------------------
Firefox on Android uses the ````RC4-SHA```` SSL cipher suite.
This must be enabled on your server in order for synchronization to work with Firefox on your smartphone or tablet.

If you use nginx you can add the following to your ````nginx.conf````:
````
ssl_ciphers HIGH:RC4-SHA:!aNULL:!MD5;
````

Maintainers:
------------
Mozilla Sync is currently maintained by [@ogasser](https://github.com/ogasser).
It was originally developed and maintained by Michal Jaskurzynski ([@jaskoola](https://github.com/jaskoola)).

API:
----
The Mozilla Sync API is documented on Mozilla's wiki:
* [Sync Client Documentation](http://docs.services.mozilla.com/sync/index.html)
* [The Life of a Sync](http://docs.services.mozilla.com/sync/lifeofasync.html)
* [Global Storage Version 5](http://docs.services.mozilla.com/sync/storageformat5.html)
* [Storage API v1.1](http://docs.services.mozilla.com/storage/apis-1.1.html)

Commit message:

Add info about Apache SSL ciphers in Readme

README.md, after:

Mozilla Sync app
================

Description:
------------
Simple ownCloud app integrating the Mozilla Sync API.
It allows users to synchronize Firefox data (e.g. bookmarks, passwords, history,...) using their ownCloud server.

Firefox on Android:
-------------------
Firefox on Android uses the ````RC4-SHA```` SSL cipher suite.
This must be enabled on your server in order for synchronization to work with Firefox on your smartphone or tablet.

If you use *nginx* you can add the following to your ````nginx.conf````:
````
ssl_ciphers HIGH:RC4-SHA:!aNULL:!MD5;
````

If you use *apache* have a look at [the documentation](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.2/mod/mod_ssl.html#sslciphersuite).

Maintainers:
------------
Mozilla Sync is currently maintained by [@ogasser](https://github.com/ogasser).
It was originally developed and maintained by Michal Jaskurzynski ([@jaskoola](https://github.com/jaskoola)).

API:
----
The Mozilla Sync API is documented on Mozilla's wiki:
* [Sync Client Documentation](http://docs.services.mozilla.com/sync/index.html)
* [The Life of a Sync](http://docs.services.mozilla.com/sync/lifeofasync.html)
* [Global Storage Version 5](http://docs.services.mozilla.com/sync/storageformat5.html)
* [Storage API v1.1](http://docs.services.mozilla.com/storage/apis-1.1.html)
